# MODEL4780441670: testid

## Installation

Download this repository, and install with distutils

`python setup.py install`

Or, install using pip

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL4780441670.git`

To install a specific version (in this example, from the 2014-09-16 BioModels release)

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL4780441670.git@20140916`


# Model Notes
This model features the observations of <a href = "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=pubmed&dopt=Abstract&list_uids=11325714">Co
ndorelli P, George SC. Biophys J. (2001) 80(5):2110-9</a>. They propose a in
vivo mechanism for the binding of free NO to sGC based on in vitro data within
both pulmonary and vascular smooth muscle. All the parameters used have been
obtained from reported results based on experiments. One important conclusion
they make is that control of sGC in vivo is most likely to be ultra-sensitive
and that activation in vivo occurs at lower NO concentrations than reported.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)


